1/13/2021 - First POST creator done

1/15/2021 - MAW 
  Added RemoveTrailingWhiteSpace to fix a problem Ward had with spaces on the end of lines
  "Clean up line endings in the samples, dangling spaces at the end of lines causes problems with some text editors... would kill the HASH."

Left ToDo - in no particular order



PLAN of Attack
  All posts, replies, etc... are fed into SHA512, the hex string of which is used to store the file, in the same way as git   /12/345...... to distribute the files in a number of folders

There are the following object types (stolen from git)
  commit -- ^tree, author, committer info, commit message
  tree  -- lists all the files in a folder
  blob  -- an actual file
  annotated tag -- notes upon a file (ratings?)







Capabilities Kernel
  Set of routines to implement capabilities, instead of username/passwords and permissions everywhere.



Reply Engine - Accepts Capability, and a URL, adds URL to list of replies to a given POST
  Also allows public to read the list of replies, so they can follow them as well
  


ValidatePost - a program to check the checksums of a post, paying particular attention to line endings, allowing for CR or CRLF or LF

RASCALly - a program to watch RSS fieeds for posts, and reply, etc.

RASCALserve - some form of web server, cgi, whatever... to allow replies to be handled, allow people to acknowledge posts, and give rating vectors, etc.

Clean up line endings in the samples, dangling spaces at the end of lines causes problems with some text editors... would kill the HASH.

Come up with a way to handle private messages, most likely encryption of some form.

Do a better write up of checking the HASH by hand, give examples in Linux and Windows (don't have a Mac)

Make videos explaining things, post to Youtube

Build my own RASCAL blog, RSS, reply handler

Figure out how to deal with replies

Figure out how to deal with ratings vectors

Figure out what to do with rich media

Add license checking on POSTs, when you read them, to prevent replies that break copyright

Support more than MD5 in the Pascal examples

Refactor BuildPost.lpr to eliminate duplicate code

